# Introduction
The first paragraph in the introduction does not describe the scenario
(a "real" security report), instead it is very specific to the Lab setup.

Wrong tempus in the second paragraph. Will to is. (Present tense)

Targeted -> Target

We do not think that the purpose is clear. This can be the fact that
the introduction is not written as a "real" security report, as stated
above.

The 'roadmap' of the report is clearly stated.

# Description of OpenVAS Setup
The setup does introduce the components that will be used. We really like the explanation of how OpenVAS works!

The setup does not tell us what scanning results you are expecting.

## Port Scanning
The port scan does NOT tell us which services that are accessible.

Why do you use the OpenVAS default list, and then write that you
are focusing on the few ports defined in Table 1?

## Service fingerprinting
Should be a comma after "For this purpose"?

What open ports???

The configuration is reproducable thanks to the information in your text.

It feels like the Windows category was added at a later stage, it is not
clearly stated in the setup why it was chosen.

# Results
We did NOT expect all these ports when the setup stated that you were
going to check the very few ports defiend in Table 1...

Scientia-ssdb is in fact not a NoSQL database but an FTP server.

The results are presented in a very clear way and it's a pleasure to read. We agree with the findings and think that the content shows a good understanding of the services running on the system.

## Port Scanning
>What service is using the port  
This is NOT true. You could for example start an FTP server behind port 80 if
you are a __funny guy__.

Why do you state that the databases and SMTP server should be kept local?
We have not heard of an SMTP server that is not remotely accessible.

## Fingerprinting

"A 32-bit computer has a word size of 32 bits, this limits the memory
 theoretically to 4GB. This barrier has been extended through the use
 of 'Physical Address Extension' (or PAE) which increases the limit
 to 64GB although the memory access above 4GB will be slightly slower."
[Source](https://help.ubuntu.com/community/32bit_and_64bit)

# Discussion
The discussion references and summarizes the results in a good way. There are clear actions to take that are well motivated and in line with the severity of the findings.

# Conclusion
Looks great! The main findings are highlighted well and we agree with the rather severe action to nuke the system. The strategies presented to keep the system secure in the future are easy to follow and well tailored to the vulnerabilities found.

# Overall:

Avoid 'we' in reports. In general the text is quite good but we recommend the authors to read the text out loud to increase the flow and find things that are not incorrect but sound a bit weird in english.

Source references should not be after the period.
