# Introduction
The first paragraph in the introduction does not describe the scenario
(a "real" security report), instead it is very specific to the Lab setup.

Other than that, it is really easy to follow the text.

# Description of OpenVAS Setup
come -> comes

You do not specify what kind of results that you are expecting 
from the security scannings.

We do not think that this part should cover how OpenVAS works internally.
We think a brief introduction would be sufficient.

>References to figure should be included in the text, e.g., "In Figure 1, the network setup is described…"

## Port scanning
The port scan does NOT tell us which services that are running. [1]

## Service fingerprinting
See [1]

# Results
The results contain a lot of trivia, which is not needed. E.g. explanation of the HTTP protocol, when IRC and NFS was created, and that X displays bitmaps.

>DNS is crucial for browsing the web, and therefore this port should remain open

This is a weird statement. It is like saying a website is needed to run the Internet. There exists openly available DNS servers like Google's 8.8.8.8 which means that DNS could be closed if you want.

>Port 139 is vulnerable to backdoors, trojans and worms, which means closing it could be a good idea.
>Unfortunately, there are also trojans that can exploit the port as a backdoor.
>There are also backdoors and worms which might exploit this port.

Every port can be used by a trojan as a backdoor.

>Often used by hackers/crackers who often don’t need to use fingerprinting to find it, since so many
installations run NFS on port 2049, meaning they can try this port without scanning [48]. We want to
keep this port open, since NFS might be important (for example it might be used to allows users to
access their files through several computers)

The first second part seems to contradict what is told in the first part.

>2121 scientia-ssdb SSDB keep

We know that the service behind port 2121 is an FTP server, not a database.

port disabled -> port closed

TLDR: The results are presented in a really good way, but some of the content is either wrong or weird.

# Vulnerability scanning results
Very clear and great explanations!

# Discussion
Well done and all statements are properly motivated.
Initial recommendations are updates, which is great!

# Conclusions
>programs and applications

Aren't these synonyms?

>softwares

Software is an uncountable noun.

# Sources
Sources look OK. Source references should be before the period though.
